Privacy Policy update June 26 2024 (#1697)
letsencrypt/website: content/en/privacy.md

---
title: Privacy Policy
slug: privacy
lastmod: 2024-06-26
english_is_canonical: 1
show_lastmod: 1
---

The Let's Encrypt Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and disclose your information in three different contexts:

> - When, as a Relying Party, you vi`sit a web site secured with HTTPS that uses a certificate from Let's Encrypt,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When, as a Relying Party, you visit a web site secured with HTTPS that uses a certificate from Let's Encrypt,
```

Author: Added in a8a9366

Reviewer: I don't see a diff on this line in a8a9366, and it looks like the stray backtick is still present in the version that got merged?
